Release Notes for March 2024 Prerelease SDK (#3115)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/release-notes/index.md

* [CoreWebView2ScrollbarStyle Enum](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2scrollbarstyle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalEnvironmentOptions2](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalenvironmentoptions2?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalEnvironmentOptions2::get_ScrollBarStyle](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalenvironmentoptions2?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_scrollbarstyle)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalEnvironmentOptions2::put_ScrollBarStyle](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalenvironmentoptions2?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#put_scrollbarstyle)

* [COREWEBVIEW2_SCROLLBAR_STYLE enum](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2experimental-idl?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease#corewebview2_scrollbar_style)

---

<!-- ---------- -->

> * Updated the WebMessageObjects API to allow injecting DOM objects into WebView2 content that's constructed via the app and via the `CoreWebView2.PostWebMessage` API in the other direction.  Added a new web object type to represent a file system handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the WebMessageObjects API to allow injecting DOM objects into WebView2 content constructed via the app and via the `CoreWebView2.PostWebMessage` API in the other direction.  Added a new web object type to represent a file system handle that can be posted to the web content to provide it with filesystem access.
```

The dev owner of this API suggested this change to clarify the purpose of the file system handle.

* `CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Kind Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.kind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Path Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.path?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Permission Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.permission?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

* [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandleKind Enum](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandlekind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * `File`
   * `Directory`

* [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandlePermission Enum](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandlepermission?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * `ReadOnly`
   * `ReadWrite`

* `CoreWebView2ObjectCollection` Class:

>    * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2objectcollection.insertvalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

Author: not found for .NET:
* `CoreWebView2ObjectCollection` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2objectcollection.insertvalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.RemoveValueAtIndex Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2objectcollection.removevalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

eg near: 
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandlepermission?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true

They are found for other platforms: 

WinRT:
* `CoreWebView2ObjectCollection` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2objectcollection?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#insertvalueatindex)
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.RemoveValueAtIndex Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2objectcollection?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#removevalueatindex)

Win32:
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection::InsertValueAtIndex](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#insertvalueatindex)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection::RemoveValueAtIndex](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#removevalueatindex)

@peiche-jessica @victorhuangwq

Author: kept for win32 only

   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalEnvironment14::CreateWebFileSystemFileHandle](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalenvironment14?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#createwebfilesystemfilehandle)

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle::get_Path](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_path)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle::get_Permission](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permission)

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

>    * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection::get_Kind](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_kind)<!-- todo: delete?  there's no "kind" member at https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-win32-preview&branch=pr-en-us-87 or in .net or rt tab above-->

Author: delete item? there's no "kind" member at https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-win32-preview&branch=pr-en-us-87 or in .net or rt tab above
@peiche-jessica @victorhuangwq

Author: ```
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle::get_Kind](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_kind)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle::get_Path](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_path)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFileSystemHandle::get_Permission](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permission)

* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection::InsertValueAtIndex](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#insertvalueatindex)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollection::RemoveValueAtIndex](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollection?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#removevalueatindex)
```

Author: the 3 platform tabs now list the Kind, Path, & Permission members for FileSystemHandle

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

* `CoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs.FailureSourceModulePath Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2processfailedeventargs?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#failuresourcemodulepath)

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

* [ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2processfailedeventargs3?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3::get_FailureSourceModulePath](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2processfailedeventargs3?view=webview2-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_failuresourcemodulepath)<!--no put-->

---

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Bug fixes

###### Runtime-only

* Fixed a reliability regression that could crash the application process when an old version of WebView2 client DLL is unloaded.

###### Runtime and SDK

* Ensured that the WebView2 temporary download folder is unique per user data folder, and doesn't interfere with other apps or the browser.

> <!-- todo: confirm that this is both Runtime & SDK.  vs. the orig commit that added this item in both the "Runtime-only" and "SDK-only" sections -->

Author: confirm that this is both Runtime & SDK. vs. the orig [commit](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3095/commits/ae1229a86d2f2fee92b51ee1f48568966fd14c70) that added this item in both the "Runtime-only" and "SDK-only" sections:
![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/45407486/e7e5edde-4f12-4588-81fe-dbc63bff8302)
@peiche-jessica @victorhuangwq

Reviewer 2: I checked the original work item. This should be runtime-only. Item owner is Diana if we'd like triple check.

Author: ![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/45407486/1c8e4392-2e2d-4248-a1c9-aec6ada817d2)

* `CoreWebView2Environment` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2Environment.CreateWebFileSystemDirectoryHandle Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environment?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#createwebfilesystemdirectoryhandle)
   * [CoreWebView2Environment.CreateWebFileSystemFileHandle Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environment?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#createwebfilesystemfilehandle)

* `CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Kind Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#kind)
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Permission Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permission)

>    <!-- todo: add Path item, like Win32 & .net tab?  https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?branch=pr-en-us-87&view=webview2-win32-preview -->

Author: add a "CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Path Property" item, like Win32 & .net tab? 

Win32 topic has get_Path:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfilesystemhandle?branch=pr-en-us-87&view=webview2-win32-preview

WinRT topic lacks Path:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandlekind?view=webview2-winrt-preview&branch=pr-en-us-55

@peiche-jessica @victorhuangwq

Author: added Path in WinRT:
```
* `CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Kind Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#kind)
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Path Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#path)
   * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Permission Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2filesystemhandle?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true#permission)
```

* `CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle` Class:
    * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Kind Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.kind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
    * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Path Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.path?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
    * [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandle.Permission Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandle.permission?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

* [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandleKind Enum](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandlekind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * `File`
   * `Directory`

* [CoreWebView2FileSystemHandlePermission Enum](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2filesystemhandlepermission?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * `ReadOnly`
   * `ReadWrite`

* `CoreWebView2ObjectCollection` Class:

>     * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex Property] - todo: link

Author: link .NET CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex & .RemoveValueAtIndex

Author: manually constructed the links:
```
* `CoreWebView2ObjectCollection` Class:
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.InsertValueAtIndex Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2objectcollection.insertvalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2ObjectCollection.RemoveValueAtIndex Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2objectcollection.removevalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.2470-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
